= JAXB XJC builder extension

This extension provides the ability to invoke jaxb xjc binding
compiler. A typical project that uses the extension may look
something like; 

  require 'buildr_jaxb_xjc'

  define "foo" do
    project.version = "1.0.0"
    compile.from compile_jaxb(_('src/schemas/wildfire-1.3.xsd'),
                              "-quiet",
                              :package => "org.foo.api")
    package :jar
  end

The method compile_jaxb accepts either an array of files or a single
file as the first parameter. It then accepts 0 or more arguments that are
passed to the underlying XJC compiler. The arguments are documented at
https://jaxb.dev.java.net/nonav/2.2.1/docs/xjc.html on the jaxb site.
If the last argument is an options hash then the extension handles these
specially. The supported options include:

* <tt>:directory</tt>: The directory to which source is generated. Defaults
  to <tt>_(:target, :generated, :jaxb)</tt>
* <tt>:keep_content</tt>: By default the generated directory will be deleted.
  If <tt>true</tt> is specified for this parameter the directory will not be
  deleted.
* <tt>:package</tt>: The package in which the source is generated.

== Installation

The extension is packaged as a gem named "buildr-jaxb-xjc", consult the ruby gems installation
steps but typically it is either

  sudo gem install buildr-jaxb-xjc

for MRI ruby or

  jgem install buildr-jaxb-xjc

for jruby.

The user then needs to add the following require into the build file:

  require 'buildr_jaxb_xjc'
